in politics in the social sciences and
in our personal lives the most dangerous
abstractions are the ones that we do not
ourselves or guard as abstract the most
dangerous beliefs are the ones that were
not aware that we ever chose selected
that we ever began to carry with us
they're the most difficult to put down
teachers in Japan very often have the
experience of asking children to draw a
fish and Japanese schoolchildren will
take out a red pencil crayon and draw a
cube their idea of a fish is a little
red cube served them at a restaurant
served them in the form of sushi or
maybe even prepared for them by their
their parents this way all right what is
the meaning of the word home what does
it mean to be a home owner you don't
think it's abstract but it really is and
the type of abstraction in both of these
cases is the abstraction of being a
passive recipient of reality as
prefabricated for you as prepared by the
hands of others rather than thinking of
reality as something you create with
your own hands and something you have to
define with your own mind when I lived
in Laos and Cambodia I was surrounded by
people who had no high school education
very often no primary school education
very often illiterate or barely literate
but they knew what the word Homa meant
in a way that you and I do not I've been
around people who not just once in their
lives but many times again and again
have walked out into the forest and
gathered bamboo with their hands
and have sat on the ground with a
machete and chopped that bamboo into
thin strips and they've built a whole
home they built a house out of bamboo
things change 50 years ago wood was
cheap wood was abundant so it was wood
and bamboo believe it or not materials
like wood and rattan were becoming more
scarce and more expensive so you saw
more and more use of concrete more more
use of sheet metal as cheaper
substitutes but still bamboo bamboo was
most of what everything got cut made out
of believe it or not the sense of home
as something you make with your hands
right very different from thinking of a
house as a white cube that's been made
for you that exists on the open market
to be bought and sold being a home owner
even being a home maker that's not so
different from the Japanese school child
who's asked to draw a picture of a fish
and gives you a little pinkish red cube
the whole discourse in the United States
of America concerning justice concerning
the role of the police serving what kind
of reaction the left wing of the right
wing or moderate people on the center
should have after the brutal killing of
George Floyd it is of this nature it's
people struggling to make use of
abstractions struggling to propel their
beliefs and of course they fumble with
them to no great effect because they
themselves don't understand what it is
they believe in they don't understand
how far removed these abstractions are
from the real things we can lay our
hands on that we must lay our hands on
in order to make a difference in this
sort of case in this context what is
justice what is it that's wrong
with the police system you need to have
a very hands-on empirical understanding
of this and instead what you see both on
the left and the right is a ratcheting
upward of rhetoric to go from one
abstraction to another more Hallowed
more vaunted abstraction impart a more
highly esteemed a more awesome of
abstraction of trying to make this into
more of a religious sounding discourse
what we need is to move down the other
way and really think about policing
really think about real things and not
to think about abstract principles at
all when the Constitution of the United
States of America was written the word
police did not exist in the English
language the concept of a permanent
professional police force and the
questions that arise from the ethical
relationship between that police force
and the population their policing did
not exist in the English language and
this is linked to the vision of a
society in which every man carries a gun
and which any two gentlemen have the
right to resolve their disputes by
fighting a duel to the death that was
the society the framers of the
Constitution lived in they had a very
different notion of what it was to do
justice that included the right of any
gentleman to murder another gentleman
over a point of Honor that was doing
justice to them those are the men who
wrote the Constitution that it says
murder how could you possibly have a
well-functioning
working judicial system police system on
the basis of that Constitution on the
basis of that law there were many
profound questions they did debate they
did think about they thought a great
deal about the relationship between the
military and the house of Congress they
made it completely illegal
to have a permanent army such as you now
have in the form of the National Guard
by the way that's completely
unconstitutional country to constitution
from memory it was her in 1956 you
passed the laws that actually created
the National Guard inform you have no
what is post World War two well they
they they debated and it philosophized a
great deal about that and how Congress
would control the budget for the
military that didn't want to have a
permanent standing army they were very
concerned that very concerned about the
potential for the military to take over
the government for a military
dictatorship but there were many things
that are floated on there's a link in
the description this video to an earlier
video made that very very few people saw
only about five hundred people have seen
it today which is called on the
mediocrity of the American Constitution
and encourage you to click on that
Lincoln and hear what I had to say even
though it was in a very different
context that really is the same
fundamental message that I that I have
to deliver to you now the question of
who or what is a police officer how
should you organize society to deliver
justice or data this permanent role
police officer whose whose idea was it
that someone should do this job 12
months a year 365 days a year
it's a brutalizing depressing job isn't
it in the United States of America as
being a police officer a prestigious job
is it a high paying job the police
officer who murdered George Floyd had
something in common with him they both
had served as a bouncer they both had
served as a security guard at the same
nightclub
you know why because they were both poor
you can see photographs of that
nightclub not saying this to insult
anybody
I would not work as a security guard
that I have unless I really needed them
unless that was really poor all right
the police officer killed George Floyd
was poor George Floyd himself was poor
they were both in the category of men
who would work an occasional job as a
bouncer as a security guard at a very
shabby very humble little nightclub to
earn extra money if being a police
officer paid as well as being a
university professor in the United
States Murray do you think that cop
would have in his spare time been a
bouncer been a security guard at the
same nightclub as the man he murdered on
the sidewalk that day tells me something
television is wrong with the whole
organization that society the whole
definition of that career of that job
the relation between the public and the
police I'm going to tell you about
another job that's really denigrating
that really emotionally exhaust
taking care of children in a daycare
center or in a school 12 months a year
365 days a year
imagine if you had a society where
police officers would work as police for
three months and then work as
schoolteachers for three months or in a
daycare center if maybe they don't have
the education or maybe they're gradually
in their part-time getting all the
education they need to be a
schoolteacher maybe they have a
transitional period and then three
months as a cop and then three months
taking children again imagine what a
different society we live in if all of
the children knew yeah you know in the
winter my teacher who's teaching grade
three goes back to being a cop
oh yeah that's someone I can trust that
someone I can talk to that someone I
know that someone I can really do and
what if police just had the opportunity
to
switch from one type of denigrating
employment to another where they were
fundamentally playing a caring role
right having a relationship with
children and their parents and the
community their police that way
wouldn't that be a very different world
we live in if being a cop or a part-time
job
alternating back and forth with being a
schoolteacher and it would require that
those police be more highly educated
that certainly that they'd be sober and
upstanding all the time and would
require that they be more highly paid
and would create a whole community of
having greater respect for both police
officers and schoolteachers and people
who work in daycare centers right how
about taking care of the elderly and
retirement homes what's the main
requirement to do that job that you're
honest that you're sober that you're not
stealing from these people that you're
not stealing their medication it's the
biggest problem right people who work in
old folks homes and steal the
painkillers you know this this kind of
thing right that you're caring that
you're patient that you're tolerance you
can tolerate a lot of physical pain
yourself you know being caring for the
elderly an old folks home or a lot of
those people are slowly going crazy and
they mistreat the nurses you take care
of them what if you work for three
months as a cop three months in office
right
boredom is part of what corrupts police
officers arrogance is part of what
corrupts police officers it's a
corrupting role
even without the issue of poverty
grinding these people down I heard an
interview with a cop once he was
basically going on a book tour talking
about all the things that are corrupt
and awful and wrong with policing in
America and he would be asked heard more
than one interview with him he would be
asked in these interviews have you
considered yourself becoming chief of
police or trying to make these reforms
you talked about in your book this way
and his answer every time was I would
not get paid enough he said that when he
was a cop he couldn't afford to live in
the same city that he policed he was
paid so little that he had to drive us
car than two and a half hours each way
every day or something his daughter and
child lived out in the middle of the
redneck woods in the middle of nowhere
where he could afford a home and he led
a very very difficult life because he
fundamentally was not paid a living wage
the American Constitution is bad and the
American people take a salutary pride in
imagining they have the greatest
Constitution in the world in the
greatest country in the world they lull
themselves into a strange sense of
self-confidence a strange sense of
fatuous arrogance that makes them blind
it keeps them blind both to what their
problems are and to what the solution to
their problems are because they are
burdened with a political system that
was bad to begin with and today more
than 200 years later frankly it's the
laughingstock of the modern Western
world but who among us has the
self-confidence to laugh out loud
who among us can see that the emperor
has no clothes who among us can let go
of these inculcated beliefs these
beliefs we carry with us
we don't even know were carrying it's
the people who can set aside these
abstract assumptions and think in a
hands-on way about reality who can think
about what is the problem with policing
procedure ibly tangibly with a human
face not in terms of the towering
abstractions that the left-wing Hughes's
nor the towering abstractions that the
right-wing uses how would we actually
organize the police and how would we
have a better society you need to shift
not just from abstract reasoning to
empirical reasoning but you need to
shift from the fundamentally
childlike passivity of thinking of the
world in terms of notions and norms that
were prefabricated for you and handed to
you the same way that you think of being
a homeowner as really just being
inheriting someone else's home even if
you paid money for it even if you bought
in the open mind we think of a home and
a house as a white cube that exists on a
map as a white square or the triangular
roof on it that exists on a page right
as opposed to thinking through what
would it really mean for me with my own
hands to make a home what does it mean
when you buy a home you're just buying
the work of someone else's hands who
among us in that same sense as the
hands-on experience with what it is to
make a society with what it is to make
justice with their own hands
[Music]